1	Authorship	start	"Imagine are a chemistry graduate student working in a computational chemistry laboratory at Repu Table University. Your Principle Investigator (PI), Dr. Hanel, just applied for a grant to fund some of the ongoing projects in the lab, yours included. The reviewers were not kind. Being that Dr. Hanel is in the early phase of his career and not well published, the reviewers denied his grant proposal but gave him some “helpful” advice. They told him that he needed to have more first-author publications. In addition, they said that he needed to collaborate with a “real computer scientist” and that someone with his background was not sufficient enough to complete the project. The latter was a rather destructive comment. Although Dr. Hanel got his PhD in Chemistry, his dissertation topic was highly computational and he even holds an MS in Computer Science. Since then, Dr. Hanel has been a lot more on edge, pushing you and the other two graduate students in the lab to pump out as much work as possible- giving you strict deadlines on experiment designs, figures for a paper you are co-authoring with him, and other written content.It has been two months since the review and you have accomplished a lot. Dr. Hanel is pleased with the work you have done. He asks you to look over the paper that you co-authored with him and a couple of other faculty. As you read the paper you notice that Anya Dickson, a member of the Computer Science department, is listed as the fourth author after yourself. You know Dr. Dickson but are pretty sure she had no part in completing the project since she was not at any of the meetings you had with the other authors. You continue to read the paper but in the back of your mind something does not feel quite right about Dr. Dickson being a co-author- even though she is brilliant and you know her work to be cited in several papers you’ve read for your research. What do you want to do?"	02	Authorship	No Mention	"As you continue to read the paper, you have more questions about the paper than you had originally thought. One of the figures that you did not contribute connotes an exciting result but seems extraneous to the rest of the paper. You go into the meeting with Dr. Hanel with your questions and edits regarding the paper. Over the course of your meeting, Dr. Hanel mentions that Dr. Dickson contributed the figure that you had questioned. He says that he and she talked extensively about the project over coffee and that she had some ideas to contribute. He said she added a couple dozen lines of code to the existing scripts that he wrote, which informed the results for this figure. How do you feel about the answer he gave you?"	23	Authorship	Mention	"As you continue to read the paper, you have more questions about the paper than you had originally thought. One of the figures that you did not contribute connotes an exciting result but seems extraneous to the rest of the paper. You go into the meeting with Dr. Hanel with your questions and edits regarding the paper. Over the course of your meeting, Dr. Hanel mentions that Dr. Dickson contributed the figure that you had questioned. You take this opportunity to casually ask how and when she got involved in the project. He says that he and she talked extensively about the project over coffee and that she had some ideas to contribute. He said she added a couple dozen lines of code to the existing scripts that he wrote, which informed the results for this figure. How do you feel about the answer he gave you?"	24	Authorship	Temp End 1	"You draft an email to Dr. Dickson, and ask what she knows about your research with Dr. Hanel. You also ask if she had done any collaborating on the project, knowing her computer science background. She replies the next day: “Oh yes, Dr. Hanel and I briefly met over coffee and we discussed the project. I had a couple of suggestions for him regarding the stochastic computing which I have done in my research. But beyond that we did not discuss it further. Hope your research goes well- Anya” How do you feel about the answer she gave you?"	15	Authorship	Temp End 2	"You draft an email to Dr. Dickson, and ask what she knows about your research with Dr. Hanel. You also ask if she had done any collaborating on the project, knowing her computer science background. She replies the next day: “Oh yes, Dr. Hanel and I have been meeting regularly for the last month or so. I am surprised he has not mentioned it to you. You know better than I that he is under a lot of stress right now. I have attached the code that I wrote for the stochastic computing he had asked me to help with. Let me know if you need anything else- Anya” How do you feel about the answer she gave you?"	16	Authorship	Pissed	"You ask Dr. Hanel a couple of follow up questions regarding Dr. Dickson’s contributions. He immediately gets defensive: “Why would you question Anya’s contributions? We are lucky that she helped with the stochastic processes on my script. It makes the paper much more exciting! Why can’t you see that? I am sorry, but you have to go. Let’s meet later this week. I can’t handle the stress right now.” You leave the office without saying a word. What do you want to do now?"	27	Authorship	Uneventful	"The rest of the meeting with Dr. Hanel goes smoothly. The paper is starting to come together and you are glad you did not press with Dr. Dickson’s involvement. Dr. Hanel looked particularly stressed today. Later on in the week Dr. Hanel sends out an email for a meeting with you and the other co-authors. This time you see Dr. Dickson Cc’d. You attend the meeting and Dr. Dickson arrives several minutes after Dr. Hanel starts the meeting. Dr. Haley Jetter, one of the collaborators, asks “Anya, what are you doing here?” And Dr. Dickson replies, “I helped write the script for figure five and Dr. Hanel asked if I could attend to explain it to you all.” She goes on to give a very thorough explanation of the script and how the stochastic process reinforces some of the concepts in the paper. It looks like she did earn that spot as fourth author. You all decide after the meeting that the paper is ready to be submitted after one more round of edits. You are very glad that your worries about Dr. Dickson were not true. You remind yourself that you are doing a lot of good work and that even though Dr. Hanel is pushing you, you might soon be published and be another step closer to completing your degree."	18	Authorship	Cry	"Good. Sometimes all you need is a nice cry.  It is a perfectly healthy emotional outlet. Now that you feel better, how do you want to proceed?"	29	Authorship	Crossroads	Dr. Hanel seemed perturbed that you asked him about Dr. Dickson. You wonder if she really did have much to do with the project or if Dr. Dickson is just putting her name on the paper to show he is collaborating with a “real computer scientist.” You feel like you need more information. What do you want to do now?	210	Authorship	Andres Pissed	"You find another graduate student in your lab, Andres. You and Andres work closely together in the lab and have been good friends since you did a lab rotation in Dr. Hanel’s lab together. You tell him your concerns and about how Dr. Hanel snapped at you. He replies: “Wow that is pretty serious. I don’t like the way Dr. Hanel has been treating me lately either. I wonder why he was so defensive. I think we should talk to someone about this. It just isn’t right. But I do not want to talk to Dr. Hanel about it just yet. I can’t handle being yelled at right now.“ What do you and Andres want to do?"	211	Authorship	Temp End 3	"You invite yourself over to the apartment of one of the graduate students in the lab, Andres. You and Andres work closely together in the lab and have been good friends since you did a lab rotation in Dr. Hanel’s lab together. You tell him about your concerns- that Dr. Hanel may be misappropriating authorship to Dr. Dickson. He replies: “Wow, that sounds pretty serious. It sounds like Dr. Dickson doesn’t know what is going on, either. Do you think we should talk to Dr. Hanel about it?  I just worry… He is putting so much pressure on all of us to do more. And after the grant renewal for your project didn’t get approved, are you afraid any retaliating on your part could endanger your position in the lab? I mean Dr. Hanel is a great guy but without funding, you are pretty expendible, right? I mean what can we really do about it?” Andres is a good friend and an excellent listener but somehow he had a way of making the conversation more stressful than you intended. You go home worried. What do you want to do now?"	112	Authorship	Dual Mail	"You and Andres draft an email to Dr. Dickson, asking what she knows about your research with Dr. Hanel. You also ask if she had done any collaborating on the project, knowing her computer science background is somewhat related to the project. She replies the next day: “Oh yes, Dr. Hanel and I briefly met over coffee and we discussed the project. I had a couple of suggestions for him regarding the stochastic computing which I have done in my research. But beyond that we did not discuss it further. Hope your research goes well- Anya” Andres is upset after reading the email. “Well now that is pretty convincing, right? She clearly did not do much- if anything- on the paper! We need to talk to someone about this. Let’s talk to Dr. Jetter. She knows a lot about the project you’re working on.” What do you want to do with this information?"	313	Authorship	Adamant	"Andres is adamant about contacting Dr. Jetter, but you don’t feel ready to get other people involved. You tell Andres to be patient and wait a couple of days to make a decision. He agrees. The next day you walk into the lab and Andres is talking to Dr. Haley Jetter. They turn to face you and Andres immediately looks guilty. It was obvious they were talking about Dr. Hanel. “I am so sorry, I just had to get this off of my chest. Something just is not right with Dr. Hanel and I think Dr. Jetter can help.” It seems like you did not have a choice in the matter. You are mad at Andres for the time being but you know that this has to be resolved somehow. Dr. Jetter interjects, “Andres, I am very glad that you brought this up to me. This is a tricky situation to handle. You two should not expect to deal with this on your own. As the chemistry department chair, I am in a good position to help you move forward with this.” “Dr. Jetter gave me the contact information for Phil Anderson, the University’s Research Integrity Officer.” Andres continued, “I did not know we even had one of those here at Repu Table.” “So there are a couple of things we can do,” Dr. Jetter began, “this is very important to me as well since I am also working on this paper. We can go talk to Phil to see what his recommendation is, or we can try talking to Dr. Hanel. As his colleague and friend I don’t want to burden him but if he is planning to publish an author that had nothing to do with the project, then I can’t let that happen. All of our reputations could be on the line.” What do you think you should all do?"	214	Authorship	Agree	"You and Andres agree to set up a meeting with Dr. Haley Jetter. You go into her office the next day. She asks you both to have a seat across from her desk and Andres immediately begins to tell Dr. Jetter the reason for your visit. Concerned, Dr. Jetter replies “Well I am very glad that you brought this up to me. This is a tricky situation to handle. You two should not expect to deal with this on your own. As the chemistry department chair, I am in a good position to help you move forward with this.” “What can we do Dr. Jetter?” Andres interjects. “So there are a couple of things we can do,” Dr. Jetter began, “this is very important to me as well since I am also working on this paper. We can go talk to Phil Anderson, the Research Integrity Officer, to see what his recommendation is.” Andres continued, “I did not know we even had one of those here at Repu Table. What else could we do?” “Yes, Repu Table University has a robust ethics code of conduct in place and Phil knows all about it. We can also try talking to Dr. Hanel. As his colleague and friend I don’t want to burden him but if he is planning to publish an author that had nothing to do with the project, then I can’t let that happen. All of our reputations could be on the line.” What do you think you should all do?"	215	Authorship	Phil Talk	"Dr. Jetter agrees that setting up a meeting to talk to Phil is a good idea. After she makes a phone call she informs you that the three of you will meet with him in his office the following day. The next day arrives and you bring with you a printed version of the paper that Dr. Hanel sent you. You have highlighted the areas of the paper that you think Dr. Hanel would attribute to Anya Dickson. Phil greets all of you with a smile and tells you that he does not have to move forward with anything so long as you all talk in hypotheticals and ask questions without naming anyone in the story. This gives you the security to tell your story without feeling the urgency of any action taken by the administration. You and Andres tell him what happened in the way that he suggests. Dr. Jetter listens intently by your side. Andres finishes the story with a question to Phil: “So if the professor did intend to submit the paper with a false author, what would would happen?” Phil replies, “Honestly, a lot of journals would not catch something like that. But if they were to do so, the paper could be removed from the publication. It also can depend on the intent of the author. If the professor knew that the other author listed did not fulfill the criteria of authorship, then they would likely get in more trouble by both the publisher and the university. But the criteria for authorship varies widely by discipline. In this hypothetical story you have shared with me, it sounds like the professor has not yet submitted the paper- so he has not yet done anything wrong. So there would still be time to protect everyone involved if we were to intervene before the paper was submitted.” Dr. Jetter interrupts: “Phil do you mind if the students and I chat alone for a minute?” He excuses himself from the office. “I think we can really go either way with this. We can either ask Phil to handle this and then we don’t need to have an uncomfortable conversation with Dr. Hanel, or we can talk to Dr. Hanel ourselves and see what he is thinking. Try to get him to take Anya off of the author list. What do you two think we should do?”"	216	Authorship	No Phil	"“You’re right, I think we can handle this.” Andres replies. Dr. Jetter declares that she will get in touch with Dr. Hanel to set up a meeting between the three of you. Before you know it, Dr. Hanel replies and has agreed to meet with you all at the end of the week. You all eagerly prepare by looking up the exact requirements for authorship from the journal you are submitting to. It turns out that the requirement is rather vague: “All authors must have contributed a significant amount of work to the submitted paper to be listed as an author.” This isn’t particularly helpful but it gives you some ideas of what to say when you meet with Dr. Hanel. Dr. Jetter takes the lead at the meeting. She begins by saying, “Dr. Hanel, your students came to me with a concern and I am here to help them work through it. Before we start I just want you to know that I still consider you a close friend and I recognize that you are under a lot of pressure right now. Your students and I are concerned about the authorship on the paper we are working on together. You listed Anya Dickson as a co-author on this draft and none of us can recall that she worked on the project at all. We are concerned that you listed her as an author to impress the reviewers. After the comments came back on that grant proposal, I know your self-esteem took a hit. We recognize that you have not done anything wrong yet, but we do not want this to have negative consequences. It would affect all of us if Dr. Dickson was listed, and the publishers found out she did not contribute to the paper. So what is going on?” Dr. Hanel asks you and Andres to leave his office and you comply. After some time Dr. Jetter invites you back in. Dr. Hanel spoke sincerely, “I am so sorry for putting you two in this situation. This must have been very hard for you to deal with. All I can do is apologize and applaud you both for doing the right thing. I was on my way to messing up big time. Dr. Dickson did not contribute more than a few words to the paper.” You might be more forgiving of Dr. Hanel than you should be. But you realize that you did do the right thing. You could not sit idly while he put your career in danger. He commends you for how you handled the situation. At the next meeting with the other authors he apologizes for putting Anya on the paper, claiming that it was a simple mistake. You and Dr. Jetter exchange knowing glances. Overall the paper is in good shape and after one more round of edits you all decide that it is ready to be submitted. You might soon be published and be another step closer to completing your degree."	117	Authorship	Phil Ends	"Phil lets you know that he will not reveal your identities to Dr. Hanel when he meets with him. He outlines what he will discuss with Dr. Hanel. He planned to outline what authorship usually entails and also planned  to bring up directly the authorship of Dr. Dickson on the paper. After you know Phil met with Dr. Hanel, you meet with Dr. Hanel to tell him that you are one of the people that consulted with Phil about Dr. Dickson. Dr. Hanel spoke sincerely, “I am so sorry for putting you in this situation. This must have been very hard for you to deal with. All I can do is apologize and applaud you for doing the right thing. I was on my way to messing up big time. Dr. Dickson did not contribute more than a few words to the paper.” You might be more forgiving of Dr. Hanel than you should be. But you realize that you did do the right thing. You could not sit idly while he put your career in danger. He commends you for how you handled the situation. At the next meeting with the other authors he apologizes for putting Anya on the paper, claiming that it was a simple mistake. You and Dr. Jetter exchange knowing glances. Overall the paper is in good shape and after one more round of edits you all decide that it is ready to be submitted. You might soon be published and be another step closer to completing your degree."	118	Authorship	Yikes 1	"You go back to Dr. Hanel’s office the next with haste and demand that he give you more information. Unimpressed with your urgency he tells you: “This is very unprofessional! I cannot tolerate this kind of treatment. You need to leave, right now. I don’t want to see you until the meeting next week. Clearly you need to take some personal time to cool off. You should reflect on how you have conducted yourself today. Dr. Dickson will be at the meeting next week. I expect you will treat her with the respect she deserves. She can answer your questions.” You leave without a word. You don’t come into lab for a week as Dr. Hanel requested and you wonder if your concerns were rational. What gave you the idea that Dr. Hanel would have lied about the authorship? If he had not given you so much work to do in such a short time frame, would you have had the same suspicions? The lab meeting the following week goes smoothly. Dr. Hanel addresses you professionally and academically. Dr. Dickson arrives and explains her work in a way that makes sense to everyone in attendance. She did some solid work. It looks like she did earn that spot as fourth author. You all decide after the meeting that the paper is ready to be submitted after one more round of edits. You are very glad that your worries about Dr. Dickson were not true. You remind yourself that you are doing a lot of good work and that even though Dr. Hanel is pushing you, you might soon be published and be another step closer to completing your degree."	119	Authorship	Reasonable 1	"You go back to Dr. Hanel’s office the next day. He greets you kindly and asks you to have a seat. Nervously, you ask him about the figure that Dr. Dickson had made. You start by saying you don’t understand it completely so you do not come across as accusatory. He goes on to explain the Dr. Dickson is really more familiar with it but he does clarify some of the figure. “You can ask her more questions at the next meeting we all have for the paper. We will discuss the final edits and Dr. Dickson will be there to give everyone an overview.” Relieved, you leave the office ready for the meeting next week with the other authors. You attend the meeting and Dr. Dickson arrives several minutes after Dr. Hanel starts the meeting. Dr. Haley Jetter, one of the collaborators, asks “Anya, what are you doing here?” And Dr. Dickson replies, “I helped write the script for figure five and Dr. Hanel asked if I could attend to explain it to you all.” She goes on to give a very thorough explanation of the script and how the stochastic process reinforces some of the concepts in the paper. It looks like she did earn that spot as fourth author. You all decide after the meeting that the paper is ready to be submitted after one more round of edits. You are very glad that your worries about Dr. Dickson were not true. You remind yourself that you are doing a lot of good work and that even though Dr. Hanel is pushing you, you might soon be published and be another step closer to completing your degree."	1