Authorship	start	A	Give Dr. Hanel your edits to the paper without mention of Dr. Dickson.Authorship	start	B	Ask Dr. Hanel about Dr. Dickson being listed as a co-authorAuthorship	start	C	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the projectAuthorship	No Mention	A	Still a little unsettled. Press further.Authorship	No Mention	B	Sounds like she contributed a significant amount of work. Continue the conversationAuthorship	No Mention	C	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Mention	A	Still a little unsettled. Press further.Authorship	Mention	B	Sounds like she contributed a significant amount of work. Continue the conversationAuthorship	Mention	C	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Pissed	A	Cry.Authorship	Pissed	B	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Pissed	C	Talk to another graduate student in the lab.Authorship	Cry	A	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Cry	B	Talk to another graduate student in the lab.Authorship	Crossroads	A	Go back to Dr. Hanel the next day when he is more relaxed.Authorship	Crossroads	B	Talk to Dr. Hanel immediately. You need answers.Authorship	Crossroads	C	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Crossroads	D	Talk to another graduate student in the lab.Authorship	Andres Pissed	A	Contact Dr. Dickson about her involvement on the project.Authorship	Andres Pissed	B	"Talk to Dr. Haley Jetter, another one of the listed co-authors."Authorship	Dual Mail	A	Try to convince Andres not to talk to Dr. Jetter yet. You want to gather more information and you aren’t ready for other folks to know.Authorship	Dual Mail	B	Talk to Dr. Jetter with AndresAuthorship	Adamant	A	"Go to Phil, the Research Integrity, for a more official opinion."Authorship	Adamant	B	All of you should meet with Dr. Hanel to talk about it. No need to get the university administration involved just yet.Authorship	Agree	A	"Go to Phil, the Research Integrity, for a more official opinion."Authorship	Agree	B	All of you should meet with Dr. Hanel to talk about it. No need to get the university administration involved just yet.Authorship	Phil Talk	A	Ask Phil to talk to Dr. Hanel for you. It might be risky to talk to Dr. Hanel about this.Authorship	Phil Talk	B	Talk to Dr. Hanel as a group. You can handle it.